Uh, so again, from an evolutionary computation perspective,
we we'll look at all the agents that, uh,
had to die in order to come up with different solutions in simulation. Uh,
what do you think from that individual agent's perspective is the meaning of it
all so far as humans, you're just one agent who's going to be dead,
unfortunately, one day too soon.
What do you think is the why of why that agent came
to be and, uh, eventually will be no more?
Is there meaning to it all?
Yeah.
In evolution there is meaning everything is a potential direction.
Everything is a potential stepping stone. Um,
not all of them are gonna work out. Some of them are foundations for further,
um, improvement,
and even those that are perhaps going to die out, uh,
where potential images, potential solutions in biology.
We see a lot, the species die of naturally and, you know, like the dinosaurs,
I mean, they have a really good solution for a while,
but then it didn't turned out to be not such a good solution in the long term.
Um, when there's an environmental change, you have to have diversity.
Some other solutions become better. Doesn't mean that, that, that,
that was an attempt. It didn't quite work out or last,
but there are still dinosaurs and mountains, at least their relatives.
And they may one day again, be useful, who knows?
So from an individual's perspective,
you gotta think of a bigger picture that it is a huge engine
that is innovative and these elements are all part of it,
potentially innovation, uh, on their own. And also as, um,
as raw material perhaps, or, um,
stepping stones for other things that could come after.
But it still feels from an individual perspective that I, I matter a lot,
but even if I'm just a little co in a giant machine,
is that just a silly human notion you in, uh, individualistic society though?
She'll let go of that. Uh, do,
do you find beauty in being part of the giant machine?
Yeah, I think it's meaningful. Um,
I think it adds purpose to your life that you are part of something bigger.
<Laugh> that said, are you, uh,
do ponder your individual agents mortality? Uh, do you,
do you think about death? Do you fear death?
Well,
certainly more now than when I was a <laugh> youngster and did skydiving and
paragliding and <laugh>, you know, all these things, uh.
You become wiser.
Um, is a reason
for this life arc that younger folks are more fearless
in many ways. It's part of the exploration mm-hmm, <affirmative>, you know,
they are the, they are the individuals who think, Hmm,
I wonder what's over those mountains. Or what if I go really far in that ocean?
What would I find? I mean, older folks don't necessarily think that way,
but young do, and it's kind of counterintuitive, so yeah, it's this, uh,
but logically it's like, you know, you have limited amount of time.
What can you do with it? It matters. So you try to,
you have done your exploration, you committed to certain direction, uh,
and you become an expert perhaps in it. What can I do that matters, uh, with,
with the limited resources that I have? That's what, how you,
I think a lot of people, myself included start thinking later on in the career.
And, uh, like you said,
leave a bit of a trace and a bit of an impact even though after the agent is
gone. Yeah. <laugh>.
That's the goal.
<Laugh> well, this was a fascinating conversation.
I don't think there's a better way to end it. Um, thank you so much.
So first of all,
I'm very inspired of how vibrant the community at UT Austin and Austin is.
It's really exciting for me, uh, to see it.
And this whole field seems like profound philosophically,
but also the path forward for the artificial intelligence community.
So thank you so much for explaining so many cool things to me today and for
wasting all of your valuable time with me. Oh, it was a pleasure. Thanks, Larry.
I appreciate it.